Agile Group Project

USER STORIES
1. As a User, I need to see a list of all the Movies and Tv Shows
2. As a User, I need to be able to rate a specific TV Show or Movie
3. As a User, I need to see the Average Rating for a specific Movie/TV Show (Stretch Goal)
4. As a Developer, I need to be able to add/remove Tv Shows/Movies
5. As a User, I need to be able to search for Movies/Tv Shows
6. As a User, I need be able to create my own account to store personal ratings
7. As a User, I need to be able to create/delete comments for a specific Movie/Tv Show

Stretch Goal
8. As a User, I want to have Movies/Shows recomended to me based on my ratings compared to their average ratings (Epic Task)

Acceptance Criteria
1. Users should get back a list of all Movies and TV Shows from the database
2. Users should be able to rate (from 1-5) a specific Movie or Show, if the input is an integer above 5 or a non-integer return invalid response.
3. Users should get back an average rating for a specific TV Show or Movie if there are ratings for the respective items.
4. Developer should be able to remove a TV Show or Movie by it's Id
 - Developer should be able to add a Tv Show/Movie using the respective model
5. Users should be able to search for Movies/TV Shows by Title/Genre
6. Users should be able to create their own accounts using a UserRegister model (Email, UserName, Password and ConfirmPassword)
7. Users should be to comment on a specific Movie or Tv Show by their Id
 - Users should be able to delete their comments on a specific Movie/Tv Show

Stretch Goal
8. Users should be recommended the highest rated shows/movies similar to the User's highest rated shows/movies (Epic Task)

TASKS (tickets)
1. - Create method for returning all objects in the database (1 point) Germayne
2. - Create method for changing the rating of a specific Tv Show/Movie (1 point) Jaxon
3. - Create method for finding the average rating of a Movie/Tv Show (5 point) Stretch(Germayne, Jaxon, Chris)
4. - Create a README.md (1 point) Germayne
5. - Create a method for adding a Tv Show/Movie (1 point) Germayne
6. - Create a method for deleting a Tv Show/Movie by it's Id (1 points) Germayne
7. - Create a method to display Movies by Title (1 point) Germayne
8. - Create a method to display Movies by Genre (1 point) Germayne
9. - Create a method to display Tv Shows by Title (1 Point) Jaxon
10. - Create a method to display Tv Shows by Genre (1 points) Jaxon
11. - Create a User Entity (1 Point) Chris
12. - Create a UserRegister model (1 Point) Chris
13. - Create a UserService Layer (implements UserService Interface "IUserService") (1 Point) Chris
14. - Implement the method for finding a specific Tv Show/Movie to rate (1 Point) Chris
15. - Implement the 'Rating Method' for Users (1 points) Chris
16. - Create a method for commenting on specific Movie/Tv Shows by it's Id (1 Point) Jaxon
17. - Create a method for deleting a specific comment by the comments Id (1 point) Jaxon
   
